I'm so tired of apple products getting in my way. I'm so tired of apple 
glorifying itself while failing to address basic user needs. What if I 
just don't like iTunes? Why must you make it impossible to remove?
I could go on for 36 entries, but we all know these moments of 
inconvenience. 

It's ok to feel inconvenienced by computers. Computers are bit perfect. 
A precise program runs without bugs and provides maximum focus. People 
cannot do this, and unfortunately I must state the obvious here that 
people are not computers. Unfortunately I have to say the obvious, 
because our general computer usage has damaged here in New York in 
America anecdotally our shit, our shit being that people will fucking 
wait in line, hand you a credit card, order, spend the order on the 
phone, take the card without making eye contact and walk out. 

I'm tired of being able to tell that people have been abused. I'd 
rather just kill myself that see people trapped inside shame. I hate 
that if I were reading this a couple years ago, I would have felt 
violently angry reading this. I hate that other people can tell I've 
been wounded. I'm sure that people can tell, even though I 
automatically put a lot of effort into hiding it.

Solution: 

We need to make machines more machine-like. We are people. Engaging in 
understanding that there is a distinction is the territory of people. A 
machine does not "know" ethics. There is no digital architecture  A.I. 
that can "have" consciousness. Machines do not "have" anything. 
Machines are static manifestions of human engineering. It is sad that 
this is under debate. The fact that we are debating consciousness and 
digital, silicon-based machines -  no matter how incredibly scaled - 
indicates that an illusion is widespread. Companies lie. All the time. 
We know this, yet it hurts us to remember every time. People lie all 
the time. People are not always looking out for our best intentions, 
tho they may perform as if they are in order to manipulate us. 
Companies manipulate people. Facebook and google are egregious and 
widely-cited examples, and in some terms deserve that ratio of 
criticism compared to smaller, less publisized errors. But nonetheless, 
there is a general lack of understanding in the computing industry. We 
are not all on the same page in a way that is harming our collective 
ability to collaborate towards deep profound technologies such as the 
HTTP protocol and networked computers. It sounds so boring because 
jargon tastes like cardboard, but the web is radical as fuck in the 
most literal sense. The internet is just in it's beginning phases and 
already our entire world has found a way
